enable kubelet --housekeeping-interval flag (#10016)
kubernetes/kops: docs/cluster_spec.md

    protectKernelDefaults: true
```

### Housekeeping Interval

> Interval between container housekeepings which defaults to `10s`. This can be high for some use cases and can be modified by setting kubelet flag `--housekeeping-interval`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ kops_feature_table(kops_added_default='1.19', k8s_min='1.2') }}

The interval between container housekeepings defaults to `10s`. This can be too small or too high for some use cases and can be modified with the following addition to the kubelet spec.
```

    protectKernelDefaults: true
```

### Housekeeping Interval
{{ kops_feature_table(kops_added_default='1.19', k8s_min='1.2') }}

The interval between container housekeepings defaults to `10s`. This can be too small or too high for some use cases and can be modified with the following addition to the kubelet spec.

```yaml
spec:
  kubelet:

>     housekeepingInterval: "30s"

Reviewer: This should work without the quotes.
```suggestion
    housekeepingInterval: 30s
```
